feat/Add support for adding w3cHeader (#21)
Instabug/Instabug-Dart-http-Adapter: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add support for Trace network requests from Instabug using traceparent
>   header ([#21](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-Dart-http-Adapter/pull/21)).

Reviewer: I think something along these lines would be more meaningful to users?

```suggestion
- Add support for tracing network requests from Instabug to services like Datadog and New Relic ([#21](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-Dart-http-Adapter/pull/21)).
```
